Add new extended format to scan doc - with suggestions examples and s… (#169)
reliablyhq/documentation: docs/getting-started/scan-your-first-project/index.md

  contained another resource, say a service, before this deployment the
  line number would be different.
:::

> ### Show suggestion with best practice example

Reviewer: I did not find this very clear about what the section was about. Is "best practice example" the definitive name for this feature?
I'm wondering if something around "resolution" would work.
Something like "Show suggestions with resolution hints"

Any ideas @Lawouach?

Reviewer: Good for me!

> When running the CLI scanning, the resulting suggestions can be displayed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running a CLI scan, the resulting suggestions can be displayed
```

> with an optional example of best practice to be applied. To do so, you'll

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with an optional example of a best practice to be applied. To do so, you'll
```
I think the "a" is mandatory here for singular.

need to run the `scan` command with the specific `extended` format:

```console
$ reliably scan . -f extended
```

> You will get as output the list of suggestions with examples, as well as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI will output the list of suggestions with examples, as well as a
```
